gentlemen we are smokejumpers the most
elite team of firefighters in the world
we must be in our very back to your
parents I'm legally bound to take care
of you so that's what I'm gonna do
an intern you're gonna be obedient so we
can do our job and when you do this when
you go like like that it's not helpful
[Music]
against under my watch
we fireman can't turn my neck what needs
to happen this second is you got to
watch your tone little sister or what
masher is coming to rock you were what
just happened I think the baby just
broke it dog suit I get distracted I
can't do this job effectively don't you
remember what it's like to be a kid did
we kill you
[Music]
[Applause]
now it's a party
what kind of firefighters are you I know
you don't see it but yes we decide
[Music]
oh what a rush
boom boom what's boom boom don't look at
me don't do it around with it this film
is not yet rated
[Music]